Welcome everyone to this section on video basics this is going to be a bit of a shorter section since
basically the video version of the image basics.
So the goals for this section is to be able to connect the open C.V library to a web cam and be able
to use open C-v to open an existing video file.
Maybe you already have an MP 4 on your computer.
You've already taken some video and you want to work with it.
Open TV will show you how to do that as well.
And then finally we'll show you how you can draw shapes on a video and interact video drawing shapes
on the video.
It's going to be a really important part of object tracking object detection.
So we wanted to get through the basics now that we don't need to worry about learning that stuff.
Once we actually dive into object tracking an object detection as a quick note it's probably pretty
obvious but you're going to need a webcam to follow along with certain parts of this section.
If you don't have a webcam that's totally fine.
You can just skip the parts where we open a webcam and just open up the video files.
We provide a video file in the data folder.
You can play around with.
OK.
Let's go ahead and get started.
I'll see you at the next lecture.